in say this man's insane and I was still
fuming over the Big Bird comment he's
waiting for a chance to get him back I
got my chance when we went past the shop
that still existed in the eastern end of
London it was a pie in my shop even
though there's no pile mash up there I
went right cuz yeah I love it they're
delicious pies I went in there the other
day and I tried to get their recipe for
their pies I said oh really good yeah
because as well as being a taxi driver
I'm also a successful restaurant too
which of course ladies and gentlemen was
a lie did you get the recipe because no
I didn't get it another one give it to
me they said it was a family secret I
said that's a shame because easy shame
cuz they're delicious they're both and
he said the strangest thing I've ever
heard
try get your head around this yeah this
is a pity because it's not just pie they
put in those you know
I won't I'm sorry mate it's not just pie
they put in those I went what in pies I
said Python ingredient me pies made up
of constituent parts have been brought
together it's not an ingredient because
we talking about a pie the pie I said is
it cuz Jamie a lot of shows gonna be a
bit shit from now on are they
I'll show you hello everyone I'm Jamie
Oliver today I'll be making a lasagna
I'll just get the ingredients
oh yeah very clever sir but lasagna is
not a pie
so I'll be using your system flat on
your taxi because I'll change the tire I
said you can't because tire is part of
taxi to you much
you're talking about it do you honestly
not I said alright I'll help you to go
so what I'd like you to explain it to me
that's all right
what's your role play well okay let's do
a role play this happened right all
right I'm a cake shop bodegas okay
you're a cake shop owner well right
you're coming in to buy a cake eater I
have a cake placing on of an it you've
got a fateful nut allergy
you went fine am i right let's go it's
happened using the front of the Cobo it
come on in sir very good morning sir can
I help you cuz I like a cake please I
said certainly so I have several cakes
which Kate would you like and this is
only went up in my estimation of X he
genuinely did this but I love that one
they're amazing
and that's why I pulled out my ace card
ah excellent choice the nuts surprise
I'm not allowed to have nuts I sell to
you if you've got an allergy I better
check the ingredients for you at night
oh you're absolutely fine sir the only
thing in this cake
set up and see nuts on it there right I
said no I baked this and I go then
increase it I use mistake so bring your
pick fat face
let's run out like a balloon and die
very good but yesterday for the Sam you
is there a pie a cake is not a pie a
taxi is our boy there's no such thing as
pie
it's made up of mate of gravy
a black straight and one other thing he
said what's the other thing
I said I'm not telling you mr. fabulous
secret